The banana is an edible fruit – botanically a berry[1][2] – produced by several kinds of large herbaceous flowering plants in the genus Musa.[3] In some countries, bananas used for cooking may be called plantains, in contrast to dessert bananas. The fruit is variable in size, color, and firmness, but is usually elongated and curved, with soft flesh rich in starch covered with a rind, which may be green, yellow, red, purple, or brown when ripe. The fruits grow in clusters hanging from the top of the plant. Almost all modern edible parthenocarpic (seedless) bananas come from two wild species – Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana. The scientific names of most cultivated bananas are Musa acuminata, Musa balbisiana, and Musa × paradisiaca for the hybrid Musa acuminata × M. balbisiana, depending on their genomic constitution. The old scientific name Musa sapientum is no longer used.
Musa species are native to tropical Indomalaya and Australia, and are likely to have been first domesticated in Papua New Guinea.[4][5] They are grown in 135 countries,[6] primarily for their fruit, and to a lesser extent to make fiber, banana wine, and banana beer and as ornamental plants.
Worldwide, there is no sharp distinction between "bananas" and "plantains". Especially in the Americas and Europe, "banana" usually refers to soft, sweet, dessert bananas, particularly those of the Cavendish group, which are the main exports from banana-growing countries. By contrast, Musa cultivars with firmer, starchier fruit are called "plantains". In other regions, such as Southeast Asia, many more kinds of banana are grown and eaten, so the binary distinction is not useful and is not made in local languages.
The term "banana" is also used as the common name for the plants that produce the fruit.[3] This can extend to other members of the genus Musa, such as the scarlet banana (Musa coccinea), the pink banana (Musa velutina), and the Fe'i bananas. It can also refer to members of the genus Ensete, such as the snow banana (Ensete glaucum) and the economically important false banana (Ensete ventricosum). Both genera are in the banana family, Musaceae.
The banana plant is the largest herbaceous flowering plant.[7] All the above-ground parts of a banana plant grow from a structure usually called a "corm".[8] Plants are normally tall and fairly sturdy, and are often mistaken for trees, but what appears to be a trunk is actually a "false stem" or pseudostem. Bananas grow in a wide variety of soils, as long as the soil is at least 60 cm deep, has good drainage and is not compacted.[9] The leaves of banana plants are composed of a "stalk" (petiole) and a blade (lamina). The base of the petiole widens to form a sheath; the tightly packed sheaths make up the pseudostem, which is all that supports the plant. The edges of the sheath meet when it is first produced, making it tubular. As new growth occurs in the centre of the pseudostem the edges are forced apart.[10] Cultivated banana plants vary in height depending on the variety and growing conditions. Most are around 5 m (16 ft) tall, with a range from 'Dwarf Cavendish' plants at around 3 m (10 ft) to 'Gros Michel' at 7 m (23 ft) or more.[11][12] Leaves are spirally arranged and may grow 2.7 metres (8.9 ft) long and 60 cm (2.0 ft) wide.[1] They are easily torn by the wind, resulting in the familiar frond look.[13]
When a banana plant is mature, the corm stops producing new leaves and begins to form a flower spike or inflorescence. A stem develops which grows up inside the pseudostem, carrying the immature inflorescence until eventually it emerges at the top.[14] Each pseudostem normally produces a single inflorescence, also known as the "banana heart". (More are sometimes produced; an exceptional plant in the Philippines produced five.[15]) After fruiting, the pseudostem dies, but offshoots will normally have developed from the base, so that the plant as a whole is perennial. In the plantation system of cultivation, only one of the offshoots will be allowed to develop in order to maintain spacing.[16] The inflorescence contains many bracts (sometimes incorrectly referred to as petals) between rows of flowers. The female flowers (which can develop into fruit) appear in rows further up the stem (closer to the leaves) from the rows of male flowers. The ovary is inferior, meaning that the tiny petals and other flower parts appear at the tip of the ovary.[17]
The banana fruits develop from the banana heart, in a large hanging cluster, made up of tiers (called "hands"), with up to 20 fruit to a tier. The hanging cluster is known as a bunch, comprising 3–20 tiers, or commercially as a "banana stem", and can weigh 30–50 kilograms (66–110 lb). Individual banana fruits (commonly known as a banana or "finger") average 125 grams (0.276 lb), of which approximately 75% is water and 25% dry matter (nutrient table, lower right).
The fruit has been described as a "leathery berry".[18] There is a protective outer layer (a peel or skin) with numerous long, thin strings (the phloem bundles), which run lengthwise between the skin and the edible inner portion. The inner part of the common yellow dessert variety can be split lengthwise into three sections that correspond to the inner portions of the three carpels by manually deforming the unopened fruit.[19] In cultivated varieties, the seeds are diminished nearly to non-existence; their remnants are tiny black specks in the interior of the fruit.[20]
Bananas are naturally slightly radioactive,[21] more so than most other fruits, because of their potassium content and the small amounts of the isotope potassium-40 found in naturally occurring potassium.[22] The banana equivalent dose of radiation is sometimes used in nuclear communication to compare radiation levels and exposures.[23]
The genus Musa was created by Carl Linnaeus in 1753.[25] The name may be derived from Antonius Musa, physician to the Emperor Augustus, or Linnaeus may have adapted the Arabic word for banana, mauz.[26] The old biological name Musa sapientum = "Muse of the wise" arose because of homophony in Latin with the classical Muses.
Musa is in the family Musaceae. The APG III system assigns Musaceae to the order Zingiberales, part of the commelinid clade of the monocotyledonous flowering plants. Some 70 species of Musa were recognized by the World Checklist of Selected Plant Families as of January 2013;[25] several produce edible fruit, while others are cultivated as ornamentals.[27]
The classification of cultivated bananas has long been a problematic issue for taxonomists. Linnaeus originally placed bananas into two species based only on their uses as food: Musa sapientum for dessert bananas and Musa paradisiaca for plantains. More species names were added, but this approach proved to be inadequate for the number of cultivars in the primary center of diversity of the genus, Southeast Asia. Many of these cultivars were given names that were later discovered to be synonyms.[28]
In a series of papers published from 1947 onwards, Ernest Cheesman showed that Linnaeus's Musa sapientum and Musa paradisiaca were cultivars and descendants of two wild seed-producing species, Musa acuminata and Musa balbisiana, both first described by Luigi Aloysius Colla.[29] Cheesman recommended the abolition of Linnaeus's species in favor of reclassifying bananas according to three morphologically distinct groups of cultivars – those primarily exhibiting the botanical characteristics of Musa balbisiana, those primarily exhibiting the botanical characteristics of Musa acuminata, and those with characteristics of both.[28] Researchers Norman Simmonds and Ken Shepherd proposed a genome-based nomenclature system in 1955. This system eliminated almost all the difficulties and inconsistencies of the earlier classification of bananas based on assigning scientific names to cultivated varieties. Despite this, the original names are still recognized by some authorities today, leading to confusion.[29][30]
The accepted scientific names for most groups of cultivated bananas are Musa acuminata Colla and Musa balbisiana Colla for the ancestral species, and Musa × paradisiaca L. for the hybrid M. acuminata × M. balbisiana.[31]
Synonyms of M. × paradisica include
a large number of subspecific and varietial names of M. × paradisiaca, including M. p. subsp. sapientum (L.) Kuntze
Musa × dacca Horan.
Musa × sapidisiaca K.C.Jacob, nom. superfl.
Musa × sapientum L., and a large number of its varietal names, including M. × sapientum var. paradisiaca (L.) Baker, nom. illeg.
Generally, modern classifications of banana cultivars follow Simmonds and Shepherd's system. Cultivars are placed in groups based on the number of chromosomes they have and which species they are derived from. Thus the Latundan banana is placed in the AAB Group, showing that it is a triploid derived from both M. acuminata (A) and M. balbisiana (B). For a list of the cultivars classified under this system, see "List of banana cultivars".
In 2012, a team of scientists announced they had achieved a draft sequence of the genome of Musa acuminata.[32]
n regions such as North America and Europe, Musa fruits offered for sale can be divided into "bananas" and "plantains", based on their intended use as food. Thus the banana producer and distributor Chiquita produces publicity material for the American market which says that "a plantain is not a banana". The stated differences are that plantains are more starchy and less sweet; they are eaten cooked rather than raw; they have thicker skin, which may be green, yellow or black; and they can be used at any stage of ripeness.[33] Linnaeus made the same distinction between plantains and bananas when first naming two "species" of Musa.[34] Members of the "plantain subgroup" of banana cultivars, most important as food in West Africa and Latin America, correspond to the Chiquita description, having long pointed fruit. They are described by Ploetz et al. as "true" plantains, distinct from other cooking bananas.[35] The cooking bananas of East Africa belong to a different group, the East African Highland bananas,[12] so would not qualify as "true" plantains on this definition.

Cavendish bananas are the most common dessert bananas sold
An alternative approach divides bananas into dessert bananas and cooking bananas, with plantains being one of the subgroups of cooking bananas.[36] Triploid cultivars derived solely from M. acuminata are examples of "dessert bananas", whereas triploid cultivars derived from the hybrid between M. acuminata and M. balbinosa (in particular the plantain subgroup of the AAB Group) are "plantains".[37][38] Small farmers in Colombia grow a much wider range of cultivars than large commercial plantations. A study of these cultivars showed that they could be placed into at least three groups based on their characteristics: dessert bananas, non-plantain cooking bananas, and plantains, although there were overlaps between dessert and cooking bananas.[39]
In Southeast Asia – the center of diversity for bananas, both wild and cultivated – the distinction between "bananas" and "plantains" does not work, according to Valmayor et al. Many bananas are used both raw and cooked. There are starchy cooking bananas which are smaller than those eaten raw. The range of colors, sizes and shapes is far wider than in those grown or sold in Africa, Europe or the Americas.[34] Southeast Asian languages do not make the distinction between "bananas" and "plantains" that is made in English (and Spanish). Thus both Cavendish cultivars, the classic yellow dessert bananas, and Saba cultivars, used mainly for cooking, are called pisang in Malaysia and Indonesia, kluai in Thailand and chuoi in Vietnam.[40] Fe'i bananas, grown and eaten in the islands of the Pacific, are derived from entirely different wild species than traditional bananas and plantains. Most Fe'i bananas are cooked, but Karat bananas, which are short and squat with bright red skins, very different from the usual yellow dessert bananas, are eaten raw.[41]
In summary, in commerce in Europe and the Americas (although not in small-scale cultivation), it is possible to distinguish between "bananas", which are eaten raw, and "plantains", which are cooked. In other regions of the world, particularly India, Southeast Asia and the islands of the Pacific, there are many more kinds of banana and the two-fold distinction is not useful and not made in local languages. Plantains are one of many kinds of cooking bananas, which are not always distinct from dessert bananas.
En banan er den aflange såkaldte frugt, som bæres af bananplanten. I daglig tale betegnes bananen således som frugt, men botanisk set er der tale om et bær. Bananen er blandt de mest spiste i verden[1], og nydes både rå og tilberedt, i bl.a. desserter som bananasplit, banoffee pie og bananroulade
Bananplanten kaldes ofte en palme, men er egentlig en urt, hvor bladene sidder så tæt sammen, at bladskederne danner noget, der ligner en stamme. I løbet af ca. ½ år vokser planten til sin fulde højde, som er 4-10 m, hvorefter den samme år blomstrer og bærer frugt.
Bananen inddeles i fire forskellige sorter. Den almindeligt kendte gule banan tilhører sorten melbanan. Endvidere findes den i en grøn variant, som er sorten æblebanan
Lady's finger er kendetegnet ved sin ret korte længde i forhold til de andre sorter. Længden er typisk på størrelse med en finger – heraf navnet, der betyder kvindes finger. På tysk kendes den også som babybanan. Denne findes også i en rød variant.
Alle bananerne har en tynd skal, så det er nemt at skrælle dem.
Bananer indeholder ca. 74 % vand, 23 % kulhydrater, 1 % proteiner, 0,5 % fedt og 2,6 % fibre alt efter modenhed og vækstbetingelser. I en umoden banan er kulhydraterne mest stivelse. I modningsprocessen bliver stivelsen omdannet til sukker; en fuldmoden banan har kun 1–2 % stivelse. Det høje sukkerindhold betyder, at banan har et højere energiindhold end æbler og appelsin.
Den ideelle opbevaring for bananer er ved 12-14°C og 95-100% relativ luftfugtighed. Holdbarheden er meget afhængig af modenhedsgraden. De umodne (grønne) kan holde sig 15-20 dage ved 12-14°C og 4-8 dage ved 20°C. De modne (gule) bananer kan holde sig 3-6 dage ved 12-14°C og 2-3 dage ved 20°C
Den mest populære banantype, Cavendish, reproducerer sig ikke kønsligt og har derfor ingen variation i arveanlæggene. Dette gør planten meget udsat for specifikke sygdomme, der i værste fald på én gang kan udrydde alle planter i en population.[2]
Konventionelt dyrkede bananer sprøjtes normalt med svampegift for at undgå sygdomsangreb. En af sygdommene er Black Sigatoka, der skyldes svampen med navnet mycosphaerella fijiensis (først beskrevet i 1964[3]).
La banane est le fruit ou la baie dérivant de l’inflorescence du bananier. Les bananes sont des fruits très généralement stériles issus de variétés domestiquées. Les fruits des bananiers sauvages et de quelques cultivars domestiques contiennent des graines. Les bananes sont généralement jaunes avec des taches brunâtres lorsqu'elles sont mûres et vertes quand elles ne le sont pas.
Les bananes constituent un élément essentiel du régime alimentaire dans certaines régions.
Le mot « banane » est dérivé du portugais, lui-même emprunté au bantou de Guinée, dans l’expression en portugais rapportée en 1602 « Figuera Banana » (« figuier portant bananes »)1. Elle est appelée « figue », en créole, à La Réunion et aux Antilles.
En Français, le mot banane est aussi employé dans le langage populaire pour désigner une personne naïve, candide, simple d'esprit.
Les formes sauvages Musa acuminata et Musa balbisiana se rencontrent encore aujourd’hui dans une grande partie du Sud Est Asiatique, de l’Inde à la Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinée. On retrouve encore dans ces régions des bananiers sauvages riches en graines et pauvres en pulpe dans les milieux ouverts (clairières, lisières des forêts).
Le centre de domestication primaire semble être les hautes terres de Papouasie-Nouvelle-Guinée, il y a 6 950 à 6 440 ans avec M. Acuminata. Des traces de production bananière pour une consommation humaine datant d'environ de cette époque2 en Nouvelle-Guinée. Leur diffusion s'est rapidement étendue dans une zone qui va de l'Inde au sud de la Chine via la Birmanie, de Taïwan jusqu'au nord de l'Australie et la Polynésie via les Philippines, l'Indonésie et la Nouvelle-Guinée. Des preuves archéologiques de la culture du bananier se trouvent en Malaisie 3 000 avant notre ère, au Pakistan daté de 2 500 ans avant notre ère, dans le centre de l’Inde 600 ans avant notre ère et 500 ans au Laos. La diffusion en Afrique des plantains AAB daterait de 4 500 ans avant notre ère en Ouganda et de 2 750 à 2 300 au Cameroun, 1 200 de notre ère à l'Île de Pâques. La première apparition au Moyen-Orient date de 300 de notre ère.
Une hypothèse récente est que la domestication des bananiers Eumusa s'est produite, il y a environ 10 000 ans, dans les hautes terres de Nouvelle-Guinée. La variété Musa acuminata banksii, à l’origine de la plupart de celles qui sont cultivées aujourd’hui, y serait née et se serait ensuite répandue en Asie du Sud-Est où elle se serait hybridée avec les variétés locales3.
Un centre secondaire de biodiversité se trouve en Afrique de l'est avec le groupe des bananiers triploïdes des hautes-terres de l'est africain dit Groupe Mutika/Lujugira (AAA-EA).
Une légende indienne rapporte que la banane Musa × paradisiaca était originaire de l'île de Ceylan, paradis terrestre duquel furent chassés Adam et Ève, leurs corps couverts de feuilles de bananier. Linné a d'ailleurs donné le nom de Musa paradisiaca au « Bananier du Paradis » (banane plantain) et celui de Musa sapientum au « Bananier des sages » (banane dessert), nommé aussi « figuier du Paradis » ou « figuier d'Adam ». Cette légende est en fait issue d'une tradition syrienne qui fait de la banane un fruit du paradis d'autant plus symbolique que lorsqu'elle est coupée, les fibres de sa tranche semblent dessiner une croix4. Marco Polo aurait nommé ce fruit « pomme du Paradis »5.
« On retrouve la trace de la banane pour la première fois dans un texte bouddhiste datant de 600 ans avant Jésus-Christ. Selon certains auteurs, Alexandre le Grand l'aurait découverte lors d'une expédition dans la vallée de l'Indus, en 327 avant Jésus-Christ. Pour d'autres, le bénéfice revient à Marco Polo, lors de son voyage en Chine. »6
Le bananier fut introduit en Afrique de l’Est, en Chine, en Mélanésie, dans le Pacifique Sud à partir du commencement de l’ère chrétienne. Sa culture commence à Madagascar vers 500 de notre ère. Il fut amené en Méditerranée (Afrique du nord et Espagne) par les Arabes à partir de 650. Début xvie siècle les Portugais l’implantent dans les Canaries et de là en 1516 le frère Tomas de Berlanga prélève des rejets dans le cloitre des franciscains près de Las Palmas et les transporte à Hispaniola.
The garden strawberry (or simply strawberry; Fragaria × ananassa)[1] is a widely grown hybrid species of the genus Fragaria, collectively known as the strawberries. It is cultivated worldwide for its fruit. The fruit is widely appreciated for its characteristic aroma, bright red color, juicy texture, and sweetness. It is consumed in large quantities, either fresh or in such prepared foods as preserves, juice, pies, ice creams, milkshakes, and chocolates. Artificial strawberry flavorings and aromas are also widely used in many products like lip gloss, candy, hand sanitizers, perfume, and many others.
The garden strawberry was first bred in Brittany, France, in the 1750s via a cross of Fragaria virginiana from eastern North America and Fragaria chiloensis, which was brought from Chile by Amédée-François Frézier in 1714.[2] Cultivars of Fragaria × ananassa have replaced, in commercial production, the woodland strawberry (Fragaria vesca), which was the first strawberry species cultivated in the early 17th century.[3]
The strawberry is not, from a botanical point of view, a berry. Technically, it is an aggregate accessory fruit, meaning that the fleshy part is derived not from the plant's ovaries but from the receptacle that holds the ovaries.[4] Each apparent "seed" (achene) on the outside of the fruit is actually one of the ovaries of the flower, with a seed inside it.[4]
The first garden strawberry was grown in Brittany, France during the late 18th century.[3] Prior to this, wild strawberries and cultivated selections from wild strawberry species were the common source of the fruit.
The strawberry fruit was mentioned in ancient Roman literature in reference to its medicinal use. The French began taking the strawberry from the forest to their gardens for harvest in the 14th century. Charles V, France's king from 1364 to 1380, had 1,200 strawberry plants in his royal garden. In the early 15th century western European monks were using the wild strawberry in their illuminated manuscripts. The strawberry is found in Italian, Flemish, and German art, and in English miniatures.[citation needed] The entire strawberry plant was used to treat depressive illnesses.
By the 16th century, references of cultivation of the strawberry became more common. People began using it for its supposed medicinal properties and botanists began naming the different species. In England the demand for regular strawberry farming had increased by the mid-16th century.
The combination of strawberries and cream was created by Thomas Wolsey in the court of King Henry VIII.[5] Instructions for growing and harvesting strawberries showed up in writing in 1578. By the end of the 16th century three European species had been cited: F. vesca, F. moschata, and F. viridis. The garden strawberry was transplanted from the forests and then the plants would be propagated asexually by cutting off the runners.
Two subspecies of F. vesca were identified: F. sylvestris alba and F. sylvestris semperflorens. The introduction of F. virginiana from Eastern North America to Europe in the 17th century is an important part of history because this species gave rise to the modern strawberry. The new species gradually spread through the continent and did not become completely appreciated until the end of the 18th century. When a French excursion journeyed to Chile in 1712, it introduced the strawberry plant with female flowers that resulted in the common strawberry that we have today.
The Mapuche and Huilliche Indians of Chile cultivated the female strawberry species until 1551, when the Spanish came to conquer the land. In 1765, a European explorer recorded the cultivation of F. chiloensis, the Chilean strawberry. At first introduction to Europe, the plants grew vigorously but produced no fruit. It was discovered in 1766 that the female plants could only be pollinated by plants that produced large fruit: F. moschata, F. virginiana, and F. ananassa. This is when the Europeans became aware that plants had the ability to produce male-only or female-only flowers. As more large-fruit producing plants were cultivated the Chilean strawberry slowly decreased in population in Europe, except for around Brest where the Chilean strawberry thrived. The decline of the Chilean strawberry was caused by F. ananassa.[6]
Strawberry cultivars vary widely in size, color, flavor, shape, degree of fertility, season of ripening, liability to disease and constitution of plant.[7] On average, a strawberry has about 200 seeds on its external membrane.[8] Some vary in foliage, and some vary materially in the relative development of their sexual organs. In most cases, the flowers appear hermaphroditic in structure, but function as either male or female.[9] For purposes of commercial production, plants are propagated from runners and, in general, distributed as either bare root plants or plugs. Cultivation follows one of two general models—annual plasticulture,[10] or a perennial system of matted rows or mounds.[11] Greenhouses produce a small amount of strawberries during the off season.[12]
Most strawberry plants are now fed with artificial fertilizers, both before and after harvesting, and often before planting in plasticulture.[21]
To maintain top quality, berries are harvested at least every other day. The berries are picked with the caps still attached and with at least half an inch of stem left. Strawberries need to remain on the plant to fully ripen because they do not continue to ripen after being picked. Rotted and overripe berries are removed to minimize insect and disease problems. The berries do not get washed until just before consumption.[22]
Soil test information and plant analysis results are used to determine fertility practices. Nitrogen fertilizer is needed at the beginning of every planting year. There are normally adequate levels of phosphorus and potash when fields have been fertilized for top yields. In order to provide more organic matter, a cover crop of wheat or rye is planted in the winter before planting the strawberries. Strawberries prefer a pH from 5.5 to 6.5 so lime is usually not applied.[23]
The harvesting and cleaning process has not changed substantially over time. The delicate strawberries are still harvested by hand.[24] Grading and packing often occurs in the field, rather than in a processing facility.[24] In large operations, strawberries are cleaned by means of water streams and shaking conveyor belts.[25]
Around 200 species of pests are known to attack strawberries both directly and indirectly.[26] These pests include slugs, moths, fruit flies, chafers, strawberry root weevils, strawberry thrips, strawberry sap beetles, strawberry crown moth, mites, aphids, and others.[26][27] The caterpillars of a number of species of Lepidoptera feed on strawberry plants. For example, the Ghost moth is known to be a pest of the strawberry plant.
The strawberry aphid, Chaetosiphon fragaefolii, is a bug species found in the United States (Arizona), Argentina and Chile. It is a vector of the strawberry mild yellow-edge virus.
The amounts of pesticides required for industrial production of strawberries ( 300 pounds (140 kg) in California per acre) have led to the strawberry leading the list of EWG's "Dirty Dozen" of pesticide-contaminated produce.[28]
Havejordbær (Fragaria x ananassa) og beslægtede kultivarer er stauder med en tuedannende vækst. Havejordbær har deres oprindelse i Europa i det tidlige 18. århundrede. Den dyrkes for frugternes skyld, jordbærrene.
Stænglerne er lysegrønne og svagt behårede, og de grundstillede blade er langstilkede og trekoblede med ægformede til runde småblade. Bladranden er groft tandet, og oversiden er græsgrøn, mens undersiden er lysegrøn. Blomstringen sker i maj-juni, hvor planten danner særlige, blomsterbærende stængler med endestillede stande af 5-tallige, hvide blomster.
"Jordbærret" er teknisk set en flerfoldsfrugt, der danner en såkaldt "falsk frugt". Derfor spiser man egentlig den opsvulmede blomsterbund. Frøene (de små "kerner") er stenfrugter, hvor det kødede lag er reduceret, således at frugten botanisk set bliver en nød.
Rodnettet er trævlet og kraftigt. Planten danner fra og med andet leveår lange, overjordiske udløbere, som bærer små, færdige datterplanter. Disse planter slår rod, når de får jordkontakt.
Højde x bredde og årlig tilvækst: 0,30 x 0,30 m (30 x 30 cm/år), heri ikke medregnet udløberplanter. Bemærk, at der er stor forskel på de enkelte kultivarers vækstkraft og størrelse.
Havejordbær har deres oprindelse i Europa i det tidlige 18. århundrede. Det var en tilfældig krydsning mellem skarlagenjordbær (Fragaria virginiana) fra Nordamerika, der har en fin smag og chilejordbær (Fragaria chiloensis) fra Chile, der har et stort bær.
Have-Jordbær dyrkes for frugternes skyld, og den er den mest almindeligt dyrkede variant af jordbær på verdensplan.
Jordbær danner jordtræthed. Frugterne plages af gråskimmel, bladene bliver efterhånden invaderet af bladnematoder, og rødderne kan få "rødbenssyge".
Le fraisier cultivé (Fragaria ×ananassa), plus rarement appelé fraisier ananas, est une espèce hybride de fraisiers cultivée pour son fruit qui est la fraise de jardin. Ce fruit n'est en fait pas une baie au sens botanique, mais un faux-fruit. Il est mondialement apprécié pour son arôme caractéristique, sa couleur rouge brillant, sa texture juteuse, et sa douceur. Il est consommé en large quantité, à la fois frais ou incorporé dans des aliments préparés comme des confitures, des compotes, des jus de fruits, des tartes, des crèmes glacées, ou des milkshakes.
Son succès a donné lieu à la synthèse d'un arôme artificiel largement utilisé dans de nombreux produits alimentaires industrialisés.
Le Fraisier cultivé a été obtenu pour la première fois en Bretagne en France dans les années 1750 par croisement entre Fragaria virginiana de l'est de l'Amérique du Nord et Fragaria chiloensis qui a été rapporté du Chili par Amédée-François Frézier en 1714.

